for me, one of the main benefits that I found from being the Navy comes
from. I mean, I walk down the street and I get so much respect for
being a veteran for serving the country and considering what I've done
and what I've seen other people in my in my rate and in my, um,
service do I think that is justified as a civilian? I so most right.
I've been a student this whole entire time, and I have done some jobs.
I've worked for the for NASA. I've worked for Institute for Creative
Technologies at USC. I've done I've seen what software engineers
do, and, um, they get a lot of pay for, um, strenuous work, no doubt.
But there's no comparison for getting maybe paid half what? Your
half. What your civilian counterparts get but doing ah lot more work
for and most people in Navy don't Don't consider this. You could get
paid more as you go askew. Go further in your career. But, um, most
people in the Navy don't do this fourth salary. We do it for the
type of work that we're doing, which is hard, strenuous. You know, young
person you know, bottle physic, physical work. Um, that's serving
the country. So I think that that's one of the main benefits that
I got the fact the private get from being able to be one of the few
people who can do that.